Jehovah, dear Father, there's seen no hope for us.
The ransom has given hope to everyone.
We give our lives to you, our best and all we do.
And we'll tell others too,
that you will might be done.
You gave your precious son,
and now we sing as one.
The song will sing forever,
forgiving us your precious son.
Your kindness, your mercy,
they draw us close to you.
Your great name,
your friendship is we've come to love.
But something more than this,
is your most precious gift.
He died then, we might live.
You said in front,
this is son,
and now we sing as one.
The song will sing forever,
forgiving us your precious son.
Jehovah, dear Father,
we pray in gratitude.
Our thanks for giving us your son.
We pray in gratitude.